[SWOOSH]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we're at an undisclosed
location with Tim.
Tim is a tactical advisor in
the covert governance in Germany
who analyzes and suggests
various strategies in relation
to extraterrestrial groups
in contact with Earth.
Tim, welcome to the show.
>>TIM: Thank you.
Technologies of tomorrow.
That's going to be a super
fantastic and interesting
and fun episode.
>>EMERY: A lot of
our viewers have
been wondering about
advanced technologies
and special projects that
you've been made aware of.
What can you share with
us today about that?
>>TIM: I think we can start
with technologies where
I'm pretty sure people will
see them in the next few years,
because they are essential to
the stability of this planet.
And one thing for sure
that will come pretty soon
is medical technology, because
a level 3 consciousness being
is more about dissecting
and ripping off
things and repairing it
mechanically like a mechanic
would repair a car, while
a level 4 being, which
has a consciousness on
level 4, realizes that there
are frequencies and more subtle,
non-invasive ways in order
to repair structures
in the human body.
I think that people are
already doing that very low key
on this planet by meditation,
by visualizing the repair
system, which is great.
It basically means getting
your consciousness, which
is one part of the triad,
in contact and communication
with your own body.
But there are also technologies
that do that for you.
>>EMERY: Is this a handheld
scanner or something else?
Have you seen it?
>>TIM: Different species
have different technologies
and different
styles to use that.
It might come more handy.
It might be a huge apparatus.
But the mechanics
is the same at all
of these basic levels
of technology, which
means to put information into
the body, how things needs
to be repaired, and then
accelerate the speed of healing
and putting nutrition in it so
it can use this to repair it.
>>EMERY: Some previous guests
have mentioned med beds.
Do you know anything about this?
>>TIM: Yes.
So a med bed would
be something that I
assume will come pretty soon to
the technology level of Earth,
because it has so
many advantages.
And also, this species
and everyone in charge
is relying on perfectly
working bodies.
So instead of having
this industry that
keeps people in some
kind of chaotic healing
process for years
or months, this
is something that people
go to, they get repaired,
and then they can attribute
their effectiveness
to the mutual benefit
of the species.
>>EMERY: What other medical
technologies do you know about?
>>TIM: Some species are
using light in order
to repair, which
means, as we know,
this version of the universe
is basically light-based.
Everything radiates
particles of light.
Everything is
consistent of light.
This is also why the
ancient people way back
used to worship the sun as a
direct embodiment of source,
which it is.
So that's also the reason
why the universe, when
we or it or whatever
you want to call it,
when the universe found out
that there is a spot that
can be observed, they used
the speed of light in order
to make this accessible
and observable.
Everything is about the observer
and everything is about light.
So when everything
is about light,
everything is kind
of a biological form
of holographic universe.
And that can be used in
order to alter the form
and the projection of a body.
And also, in order to repair
structures of the body.
>>EMERY: Tim, our guests have
also talked about the ability
to extract soul
energy and place it
in another physical container.
Do you know anything about this?
>>TIM: The Greys are doing that.
The Greys extract the soul and
the consciousness awareness
of a consciousness
unit from an experience
and put it into some kind
of collective memory system
in order to reuse it
in some other context.
>>EMERY: What do you know
about nanotechnology?
>>TIM: Nanotechnology
might be something
that might be a link between
this frequency and non-invasive
technology that we
see in the future.
It is super expensive
compared to what
you could call a med bed.
So an enhancement of
the free capabilities
of the body to heal itself.
So you use some
kind of technology
that is capable to
move in your body
and to fulfill certain tasks.
That's kind of nanotechnology.
And again, it's not
price-effective compared
to other technologies.
It might be something that
we will see on this Earth
in order to find
the logic for having
a more advanced medical system.
>>EMERY: These
medical technologies
you observed, were
they used and developed
for humans or for ETs?
>>TIM: Every species
that has reached
that point of evolution
or development
has used them on their species.
So it's not different.
It's about what image you put,
what data you put into the body
in order to repair it.
So if there is a human body,
you need the correct data
to put it into the body.
So the most impressive
thing that I've seen
was a kind of vibrational plate
that everyone in that society
went to, stand up on
it, and it repairs
by the field of frequency
the field of frequency
inside of your body.
So actually, even though
you perceive yourself
as a material body,
you are basically
a wavelength of light, of
different particle movements
in the universe.
So if something on your body
is unhealthy or incorrect,
that means at that point the
particles are not in line
and moving the way
they should be.
And this
electromagnetic plate is
using the movement
of the particles
in order to repair your
body, which is great.
It even goes that
far that you can
use it to uplift your own
energetical feeling a lot.
There's also something
that the universe
needs to deal with at another
level of consciousness.
This is pretty raw on
Earth, because people--
the mainstream human is not
that much into that idea.
They do not think about that.
But every time we consume
something, we eat something,
we actually-- the universe
is eating itself, basically.
So this is called
ouroboros, I guess,
in the Greek mythology, which
means the snake eating itself.
But this is a problem to
the universe and a paradox,
and it needs to be figured
out, because every time you
eat something, it's A,
invasive and destructive,
self-destructive
to the universe.
And B, meaning that you
are applying something
to your body which is not
actually supposed to be there.
A banana that gives you
the nutrition and energy
to, I don't know, repair
your body is not your body.
It's something else.
Even if you put it
there and everything
will be done to take healthy
nutrition from it and waste,
get rid of the rest, that is
not the most effective way
to sustain your body,
and this is something
that higher elevated
species need to deal with.
The Earth has
different challenges
and different
problems at this time.
I don't think that people
will give up on food.
But this is something
that's important
and that needs to
be figured out.
I think people that turn to
the sun and do this meditative
and receiving energy from
the sun, which is possible
and working, is some
kind of approach to that.
But other species, for
example, use other technology
in order to generate food.
But this species
I'm talking about,
they use this vibrational
frequency plate
in order to restore every
nutrition and every kind
of food necessity in the body
and to restore their energy.
>>EMERY: So Tim, what
type of technologies
have you seen in
the field of travel?
>>TIM: The most fundamental
part of all these technologies
is that the universe
is connected to one
point at every other point.
That makes travel even over
huge distances easy, or easier.
Which means you need to
access the possibility
to connect one part
with the other part,
and then either physically
or, hmm, in consciousness
go through that and
appear somewhere else.
There are three ways to that.
The first way is
occurring naturally.
So there are natural occurring
stargates from one point
to another point
in the universe.
This can happen outside of
Earth, but it also can happen,
and it is happening, on
the surface level of Earth.
Lots of sites from
the ancient people
are using those natural
occurring wave patterns that
are useful in order to create
a connection between two
points of the universe.
The second level is--
or the second way is to
use technology for that.
That could create this kind
of stargate wherever you want.
And the third level-- and
that is really interesting,
I mean, for everyone, because
essentially on this planet
we have this specialty that
some technologies are limited
to some people and some
other people do not
have access to that.
There is always the
opportunity and possibility
for a consciousness unit
to reconnect with source.
And by that,
consciously deciding
to be at a different
place at a different time.
Possibly that means that the
way your body is perceived,
some memory loss will occur,
which means memories that
are specially dedicated
or specially linked
to the experience you have right
now will possibly get lost.
But that doesn't mean that you
don't have a body where you go,
because the universe
always finds a way in order
to operate to give you
some kind of new body.
Maybe it needs to
find a logic to that,
giving you the sense
of being reborn.
But none of us has ever made
that experience to be born.
It's just we are here,
and wherever we have been
is not where we are now.
We are now here.
And that is the
same technique that
can be used through
realization of a level 6
consciousness of
nothingness and awareness
in order to move yourself
to a certain other point
of the universe.
And in ancient history,
people were kind of using--
so this is something
the Greys said,
that they were using marked
stones as a reminder,
in order to bring yourself
to certain places.
They called those rune stones.
They have those in Germany.
But they remind consciousness
and remind yourself
where you want to go.
You don't need the technology.
You can use any logic to that
functionality of the universe
that you want.
But this is some kind of
material transformation
that you could use spiritually
and mentally in order
to move yourself to somewhere
else in the universe.
>>EMERY: You mentioned
Tesla, and Tesla
has been known for working
with zero-point energy.
Is that something
you can speak of?
>>TIM: The Greys are definitely
using zero-point energy.
This is one part
of the secret why
they can operate all
those drones or puppet
bodies all over the place.
They do not need some kind
of battery or recharge.
They just function
through the energy
that the so-called zero-point
field is operating upon.
>>EMERY: How far back in
time have these crafts
been visiting our planet?
>>TIM: So the Greys
are using mainly two
kind of crafts, which
is a disk-shaped craft,
and B, a Tic Tac form.
Those two are the main
operating geometrical forms
that they use for the craft.
>>EMERY: By the Tic
Tac, you're referring
to the Navy crafts or the
extraterrestrial pill-shaped
crafts?
>>TIM: No, I think we're
talking about the ones that
are on those videos that
the Navy were putting out.
>>EMERY: So those
Tic Tac Navy videos
are of the Greys
or something else?
>>TIM: The video went through
a lot of post-production,
so it's super blurry
and black and white
and have this
mosaic effect on it.
It's not 100%
clear what is used.
But from the form and
from what can be seen,
this is some technology that
could be linked to the Greys.
But I don't think--
and I'd say that clearly--
that the Greys are
operating in the way
we see it on camera, like
playing cat and mouse in order
to have a releasable video.
>>EMERY: What are your
thoughts on the Greys
and their visitations?
>>TIM: I'm saying that at this
moment, the Earth is locked up.
There is no occurrence that
has not the correct paperwork
to it.
So there's no random
or self-decided action
being taken from the Greys
without having the stamp on it
and having the
admission to do so.
>>EMERY: Do you think
the Tic Tac in the media
is a back-engineered ET
technology used for a photo
opportunity?
>>TIM: It's a photo and
video opportunity in order
to bring forward a topic that is
relevant for big and huge parts
of the population while
people from the audience
here are so much more
prepared and have so much more
knowledge about those
phenomena that they
don't need the material
in this basic form.
They need some deeper knowledge,
maybe some more details
in order to be prepared
for what's coming.
>>EMERY: Are these
back-engineered
craft our technology
or ET technology
that we have access to?
>>TIM: I'd say it's
a stage maneuver that
has been played out in order
to have video material that
is of interest, but
also harmless enough,
but also opposing
some kind of curiosity
and maybe opening the discussion
to why the military is still
necessary in this world.
>>EMERY: On the
topic of UAPs, Tim,
do you know anything about
tetrahedral-shaped craft?
>>TIM: So I'm not
an expert on crafts.
I don't know much
about this technology
besides from what I've seen.
I have seen some
pretty huge, darkish,
triangular craft
that hovered above me
and disappeared
somewhere on my left.
>>EMERY: Describe
how large these craft
are when you say huge.
>>TIM: Well, I'd say that it's
probably about 20 meters maybe.
So it's not too easy to
say, because it lifted
and it went over my head, and
then disappeared on my left.
So it's huge.
It has red lights in the rear,
and one roundish red light
and three separate red
lights in every corner
of this shaped craft.
>>EMERY: The triangle, is
it like a pyramid shape
or a triangular
flat-shaped craft?
>>TIM: It is triangular, but
you have those triangles where
all sides are equal in length.
And those we're talking of have
two longer sides and one side
that is shorter, like that.
>>EMERY: Is the stargate
or portal technology
the dominant way ETs
travel through the universe
when they have a solid
craft to navigate?
>>TIM: I'd say it's the most
efficient and convenient way
to travel, because it uses
the mechanics of the universe
that you can appear
at some point,
because every points are in
reality connected to only one
point.
So it makes a lot
of other technology
and approaches less efficient.
You can have different
technologies in order
to travel from one
point to another,
but that's just the most
elegant and easy way.
>>EMERY: It's been suggested
that the sun is an exit
point of a wormhole, and that
black holes are the entry
point.
What do you know about that?
>>TIM: To my
understanding, light itself
and the interconnectivity
of the universe
is the foundation
to this technology.
But when communicating to Being
6, they said that the role of--
that the sun and the moon
from their perspective,
they are functioning
as some kind of gates
for the Earth in the middle
of it, because to them,
the sun and the moon resemble
male and female energies
while the Earth is the
child in the middle.
>>EMERY: What type
of technologies
have you seen in the
field of communications?
>>TIM: Surely, I've seen the
communications from the Greys.
They are using this kind of
interconnected communication
network that goes
all over the universe
and even in dimensions and
frequencies that are totally
exotic and different.
I don't know if anyone knows
how those exotic realities have
a connection to this reality.
I believe that an irrational,
non-existing logic
might be a logic
that can be utilized
in order to connect to them.
So the absence of a
logic might be the logic
to connect to them.
That might be a thing.
The Greys are using this kind
of network, neuronal network,
so to speak, in order to
communicate and to send
big data through the
universe and in an instant.
As far as I am concerned,
most of the species
on this level of
reality, they seem
to have a problem to
overcome very huge distances.
They use different signal and
wavelength patterns in order
to communicate, which
have their limitations.
So for example, in Earth,
mainstream physics,
pretty much everything
is radio wave-based,
which means you have a
very short distance that
can be utilized in order to
bring information from one
point to another point.
And most species that I am
aware of pretty much struggle
with distances still.
The Greys, though,
and some other pretty
elevated and advanced
technologized beings
and species, they even read
to different realities.
They can even-- and I know
this is something that has been
researched on Earth as well--
they can even reach dreams
and give information
into dreams, or even into
totally exotic afterlife
scenarios or totally
exotic realities.
We're way beyond using
frequencies and wavelengths.
I think that we're at
a level of technology
where the absence of
logic and rationalism
is the rational and
logical approach in order
to connect systems.
So it's very exotic, because
most species at Level 3 and 4
consciousness are using some
kind of material or quantum
physic approach in
order to bring data
from one point to another while
some very elevated species are
using the absence of information
in order to bring information
to some point.
And also, some species are
using temporal dynamics
in order to
communicate, which is
kind of the step between
those ways to communicate,
which means using
the dimension of time
in order to place an impulse
on time that goes in two ways.
That makes calculation a
little bit more profound,
because when you use
temporal dynamics in order
to communicate
information, you always
need to know that the
influences go in two directions.
It goes to the past
and the future.
So it's like placing
a stone into water
and you see those ripples.
They take that into
consideration and use
that as a mechanism
to communicate.
>>EMERY: Tim, for
temporal technologies,
are we talking
about technologies
that can activate time
traveling in both directions?
>>TIM: Temporal
dynamics define time
as an approachable
dimension, which
means a dimension is something
that can be measured upon.
So we can put location to it.
That means you can put location
into time as a dimension.
And if you imagine time as a
big lake that is two-dimensional
or something, you just place
a bit and piece of impulse
into that, and at that
point it brings out
some waves in two directions.
And the impulse is
just information
brought into a system so
you can bring information
into a temporal dynamic.
So that way, some pretty
high and advanced species
can use temporal
dynamics in order
to utilize it as a
communication tool.
>>EMERY: If it's a
communication tool,
do you need a device to
receive it and translate it?
Or does it somehow
download into your head?
>>TIM: No.
Well, time doesn't have a
geometrical form, just as
matter has, for example.
Information from
one dimension needs
to be restructured
so that it can
appear upon a
different dimension
in a different geometrical form.
One thing that could,
for example, be used
is all those crop
circles or stones,
or you could use a screen
or something in order
to use temporal dynamics to
bring information into a system
without going there physically.
>>EMERY: What will it
take for the planet
to have access to and benefit
from these technologies?
>>TIM: To my knowledge,
a lot of technologies
have been prepared
in the background
or even given to humanity
in a trustful way in order
to bring harmony to the
system and the planet.
I think the way the
system is ruled out
and everything works
on this planet,
there are some challenges
that come from that.
And I think that realizing
that bringing our technology
is something that must be done
in order to mutually benefit
from it, to sustain life
on this planet, that's
the importance of it.
So I'm pretty
optimistic that we have
huge, wondrous, interesting
science and technology coming
in the next one or two years.
>>EMERY: Do all ET
beings that you're
aware of have
advanced technologies?
>>TIM: No, of course not.
Everyone might think that
people in the universe
are super advanced.
They are not.
There are places that
are raw and there
are places that are less
advanced than Earth.
So no.
>>EMERY: Tim, thank you so
much for being on the show.
I'm Emery Smith, and this
is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
>>ANNOUNCER: Next on
"Cosmic Disclosure."
>>EMERY: What can you
tell us about the moon?
>>TIM: Everyone agrees upon
the significance of the moon.
And quoting the Greys here, it's
the key to ascension of Earth.
We have a lot of evidence
that UAPs enter the moon
and leave the moon.
>>EMERY: Absolutely.
I've seen it myself.
Tim, what are the effects of
the moon on the people of Earth?
>>TIM: The effect is directly
influencing the body.
The perspective of
Being 6, they say
it's an unnatural
force that is affecting
the natural evolution of Earth.
Do we need to remove the effect
that the moon has upon Earth
people in order to ascend?
Or is it that we need
the functionality
that the moon offers in order
to become more evolved beings?
[THEME MUSIC]